you know I gave the sport of boxing my
whole life I dedicated my whole life to
the sport of boxing and all I ever
wanted to do was put my family my mother
and my father in a comfortable position
my dad is a millionaire my mother she's
a millionaire and the investments were
for my grandchildren not just my
children you know put them in a position
that's really what it's about
yeah give him that absolutely give him
that and that's that's another thing I
want to touch on man because a lot of
people don't know 24 hours after the
fight just 24 hours he played in the
charity basketball game for cancer yes
for cancer the next day after the fight
right after that that's gonna boy am i
selling yeah how'd you even handle that
I mean I can't if I get in the big ass
argument I pretty much got a council
slump I mean it's about giving back man
you know you thought you agreed to do
this you you knew it was right after the
fight fight it I'm a man of my word
gotta stand on my word it's understand
man well I guess you'd be okay you might
worry I told y'all I will do your show
hey man let me tell you something right
up to the fight I said floored man I got
a new show I love for you to come on
he's telling me in LA now I'm coming
over there I said I'll be there and dog
first week here come floor
[Applause]
of all the fights we've had 50 yes
who would you say was your toughest
opponent of all time one of them that
really made you have to work well out of
my career I just want to say nothing was
really tough you know not what no was
really tough I mean you got guys that
punch hard and hit hard and you got guys
that had come out and win a few rounds
but nothing really was tough
oh I see I see
but see you fit you know I've had my ass
whipped before see that probably nobody
that I've been in a boxing gym
and guys have given me great sparring
and great work really made me go home
because they said I asked weapon will
humble you know and if a guy give me
great work in a boxing gym I'll go home
and say you got to tighten up champ yeah
you got to get it together champ and
there's some time I go home I say is
this for me really yeah I mean if
somebody gave me some good work with if
I go to gym slacking which I shouldn't
go to the gym slacking but I'm only
human you know like I said before I make
I make mistakes but I strive every day
to be a perfectionist and we all know
God only made one thing perfect and
that's my boxing record
[Music]
that's a joke folks just go along with
it okay wait wait a minute
hey Froy after you who would you
consider the greatest fighter out there
now man there's a lot of great fighters
out there there's so many young tough
hungry lions out there so I mean it's
it's up for the taking its up for sell
for grabs
I like that boy Crawford he's a hell of
a fighter but arrow Spence is a hell of
a fighter
we got javante Davis there's a lot of
guys out there doesn't rigging down
another Cuban fighter named rigging down
it's a lot it's a lot of SM hell of a
fighters onthe if you weren't a fighter
yes what would you do
hopefully I'll be doing some legal
[Applause]